[Music]
the aerated water of the Falls creates
prized feeding grounds
with the currents of fierce these
35-grand fluff balls must learn fast or
face being swept away
[Music]
Mumm leads them down the side of the
force
[Music]
their goal is a rocky island
mum and dad gather their chicks
[Music]
the ducklings downy feathers trapped air
like a lifejacket as they Bob across the
surface
[Music]
that's a good start
the one jig is swept away
[Music]
look frantically for that missing Dudley
and the chaos they have to make a
difficult choice risk everything for a
rescue or keep their other chick safe
[Music]
they push across the final current to
the back
mom makes a break for it
one lone chick struggles through
swiftly followed by dad
[Music]
the rock is a refuge but the insects
they eat live underwater
so this duckling has to go in again
luckily the island gives shelter from
the full force of the torrents
now it's down a feathers make a too
buoyant to dive so in the shallows it
grips the riverbed with its tiny feet
and drives its head underwater
today these parents have led their
duckling through its toughest rite of
passage
in the dry canyons of serra da capivara
all the captions are feeling the heat
for this female Capuchin things have
become even more urgent she has come
into East hrus she must mate in the next
four days if she wants to have a baby
she is now so obsessed that she's barely
eating or even drinking that's got to be
tough in this heat
for the troupe's youngest member just
finding food is a struggle even the
adults find it hard
but these monkeys aren't after food
they're after minerals and they get
those by licking or even inhaling this
dust no one knows why they do it but
this group are probably the smartest
monkeys in the world and they may be
using this for medicinal purposes quite
how they learn to do this is a mystery
but Capucines learn by example one
monkey starts and soon they're all doing
it but despite their obvious
intelligence this male seems incapable
of taking a hint males of most species
rarely need to be asked more than once
but no matter what she tries she just
can't get his attention
she has just days to change his mind
[Music]
the male's entire harem is now at stake
one bachelor makes his move the female
spits her disapproval the male leaps
into action
[Music]
using razor-sharp teeth he aims for his
challenges testicles an emasculator
divided
[Music]
neck's are protected by specially
thickened skin
these fights have no rules
the battles are exhausting
[Music]
the Challenger is driven off his
masculinity intact the male enjoys the
rewards whilst he can just as they've
done before diablo in the family have to
deal with this threat
all the adults start to harass the
caiman as the cubs keep their distance
Saphir takes her position at the front
sizing up the caiman others move in to
try to distract it
Diablo once again moves in from behind
and goes for the tail
if the caiman refuses to back down and
then begins to fight back
[Applause]
[Music]
the cups panic and follow the adults
right into the middle of the fight
they're in extreme danger now so the
adult authors step up the assault
the caiman tries to head for the safety
of the bushes but it's too late he's
outnumbered the otters seize the moment
incredibly they overpower the caiman
some holding it down others biting it in
the head after nearly an hour of brutal
fighting it's all over
[Applause]
the caiman may be dead but Charlie needs
to know if all the otters are okay it
doesn't take long to realize two of the
Cubs haven't survived the fight
stuck in the middle of the action like
this the young inexperienced Cubs were
no match for such a powerful and
aggressive predator
[Music]
the truce between otters and caiman has
for a brief moment been broken
[Music]
what impresses Charlie the most though
is the incredible show of family bonds
and physical strength the Otters brought
together to kill the caiman and
eliminate the threat of it from their
lake subdued the Gauchos make the day
long trek back to the Maine Raj where
taming can begin from the wild herd they
have chosen just three
[Music]
today the focus intensifies Amitabh will
face one of the score below
[Music]
della Chico me guitarra mocha algo y
mucho la parte de Mar de la moda por el
comercio Macario the amount
each culture has its own style timing
[Music]
look at the niccola brother la capitale
attention del potro es la cuenta que si
te mira Oita III tranquilo ACLs Tammy
Rondo Paltrow I algo que les autres the
mayor has to decide whether to trust me
Tito he watches me as the nostrils
patient works his magic
[Music]
it's my concentration in the
certification my Randy Camilla
a poder and and ro montar un caballo que
lo lo meet you
in just three hours this mare has gone
from wild to tame as she begins a new
life with the couches
you